(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Has anything changed?
Do you still talk
Like the girl who used to make me laugh?
("Ex-Principal Dancer Min Seo Young Opens a Dance Studio")
Goodness.
Oh, she got hurt.
She should've been careful.
What are you doing? I told you to babysit...
Oh, right.
What are you doing? Are you...
Come on, what's with you?
Do you think you're a lustful teenager?
You'll be 40 soon.
I don't believe you.
Do you think it's porn?
No, I'm not watching that.
What do you think of me?
I see you as an old guy in heat.
I remember finding your secret folder...
Goodness.
Why are you bringing up something from ages ago?
Fine.
Look. You can take a look.
Ballerina Min Seo Young?
Why are you reading this article?
There's something called privacy you must keep between couples.
I was curious.
Why are you curious about her?
Why can't I be curious?
I wanted to see if she was doing well.
To a guy, his first love stays in his memories for a lifetime.
It's not like I'm seeing her or having an affair.
She's just...
right here.
It feels like homework which I never got to finish.
That's what first love is.
That darned first love.
How sad are those of us without a first love?
You do have a first love.
Your first love is...
right here.
You never liked anyone before me.
You got the heart of your first love, dated him, and married him.
You did all three.
That's why you wouldn't know how I feel.
What's it like to live with your first love?
Is it great?
Tell me. It is, isn't it?
Tell me. I'm very curious. I'm dying to know.
How is it? Isn't it great?
No.
You aren't my first love.
I don't have a first love.
Darn you, woman.
Hey, everyone has a first love.
I'm telling you, I'm your first love.
Why would you decide who my first love is?
I should do that.
And how do you know who's your first love?
Is it the first person you dated? Or kissed?
In that case, I'm your first love, not Min Seo Young.
No.
The first person that made you tremble just by seeing them,
and made your heart flutter just by thinking about them.
That's a one-sided love, not a first love.
And I never trembled or did my heart flutter whenever I saw you.
From my perspective, you aren't my first love.
- Keep remembering your first love. - Goodness.
One's first love is more dramatic, pure,
and genuine than any kind of love in this world.
Come play with Dad.
But as ardent as that sounds,
the definition and standard of those words are very ambiguous.
You're so adorable. Do you want to go down?
(Episode 5, The Standard of First Love)
Let's go. Let's go play.
(1999, Seoul)
Excuse me.
Thank you.
Goodness.
Your mom must be glad to have you.
I only have two daughters.
Oh, gosh.
Hey!
Goodness.
Mom, go inside.
What's with you?
This young man just...
Mom, just go.
Go first.
- My goodness. - Mom, go.
- Go, okay? - Okay.
I was just passing by.
How dare you come here?
Are you here to see my mom?
Don't you ever come near my house again.
Do you know him?
- No. - Then why did you do that?
That young man helped me.
If he helps you again,
just kick him.
That jerk.
What's with you?
He looked like a nice and a dependable man.
If you can't thank him,
the least you can do is not call him a jerk.
He's just a jerk...
to you and me.
The pictures.
(Grapes)
Let's call it a day.
- Great job everyone. - Oh, gosh.
- We're all done. - Great job, everyone.
Where are you going?
What?
No.
You need to put this knee and this arm...
in a straight diagonal line.
- Like this. - Oh, diagonally.
Now, again. Ready, go.
Hey.
When can I wear the uniform?
What?
Like your partner... That guy...
How long will it take for me to be like him?
Like this...
And doing something like this.
- Stay right there. - What?
Lift me up.
You couldn't talk to her because you liked her so much.
She was so pretty that you couldn't even talk to her.
All right. Call Park Shin Young.
- Shin Young! - Good.
She's here.
What? That lady is his first love?
She's not pretty.
She's almost 60. Did you think she'd be pretty?
He probably looked for her because he was curious.
Mom, look at his face.
He's totally disappointed.
It would've been better not to see her.
First love is beautiful when you reminisce.
What? Do you have a first love?
Yes, your dad does.
The orchard family's second daughter.
He still loves her.
I didn't have time to like anyone because...
I was busy taking care of your uncles.
You should've had a first love. This isn't fair.
What's not fair about it?
First love is useless.
What counts is your last love.
How can you be sure about it?
What? Are you worried about your dad cheating on me?
Come on. Let's eat dinner.
Look. Look at his face.
- Hurry up. - Okay.
(The year 2010)
- Get married again? - Yes.
It's lonely to live alone,
and my friends also tell me I should.
Stop kidding, Dad.
Don't you think it's time to let go of your mom?
Let go of Mom?
Has it been 10 years since she passed away?
No, it hasn't even been a year yet.
How can you let her go so soon?
How can you let her go?
We should listen to what he has to...
How can it only take a year for you to let go of Mom?
I still...
I still feel like Mom would be here smiling when I come home.
I feel like she'd pick up the phone when I call home.
So I can't come here or call home.
Because I'm afraid to really let her go.
But you can let her go?
This easily?
You're making Mom so pitiful.
I'm leaving.
Jin Joo.
Excuse me.
What are you doing? Dad was about to eat it.
It's yours, Mom. You eat it.
Here.
Did I make a mistake when I came home drunk?
No, you acted no different from other days you were drunk.
My daughters.
- Daddy's home. - Gosh. Stop it.
- Goodness. Eun Joo. - You hate me?
- Mom! - You hugged them and kissed them.
You talked to the plants.
I, Pan Seok, am not dead yet.
You know that, right?
That's it!
She hates getting kissed.
No, she wouldn't sulk for so long because of that.
You aren't secretly reading her diary these days.
That's it.
Did you read it again?
I was really careful. How did she know?
Great job.
Why did you read her diary? She's all grown up.
You're really strange.
I'm worried.
What if some strange guys are hitting on her?
She's an adult. She should be dating guys now.
No. I raised her so dearly. She can't just date anyone.
You know how dangerous it is out there?
Also men are all jerks.
Right.
Jerk.
Whoever she dates, I'll screen him at least 10 times.
Goodness.
My daughters won't be able to marry anyone.
Then I'll live with my babies forever.
My babies.
Seo Jin, I miss you.
I miss you so very much.
Seo Jin.
Why are you still in your room?
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
No, it's something. You were crying.
It's because I had a weird dream.
Really?
You're acting strange these days.
You even had a dream that I was dying.
Should I get you some herbal medicine?
What's this hug for?
Mom.
My mom.
I love you so much.
You're acting really strange.
Why do you keep clinging on to me when you're all grown up?
Goodness.
Are you going to school already?
No. Take me with you.
She has been having dialysis regularly for five years.
She doesn't have any problems.
Well... She's okay now,
but if she keeps getting dialysis...
won't she have complications in 10 years?
Complications can happen in 10 years or tomorrow.
You can't stop dialysis because of that.
Still, can you treat her so that she wouldn't have any...
We're doing our best to avoid complications.
Your mom can live a long life.
So don't worry too much.
By whose standards is she going to live long?
She's only going to live 10 more years.
Her kids must have searched a lot about her disease.
They even know about complications.
Her son visited yesterday.
That patient doesn't have a son.
She only has two daughters.
Wake up, Choi Ban Do!
Wake up!
What? You're awake?
Good morning, Mom.
Dad.
I won't take it away from you. I won't.
Not everyone can become rich.
If you act like such a miser and doubt everyone like that...
You jerk!
Where did you learn to speak to your dad like that?
You never listen to me when I tell you to wake up.
What's wrong with you recently?
- Is this cabbage juice? - Just take a sip.
This is good for your stomach.
It takes like a mop.
I know it tastes bad,
but it's good for your stomach.
Thank you, Mom. I'm going to school now. Goodbye.
He never drinks that.
What's wrong with him today?
Seongbuk-dong 31, please.
We're here.
Keep pace with others!
Left foot, left foot, left foot, left foot.
You must be doing your morning training.
Yes.
How's school?
If you need anything, just tell me. I'll do everything for you.
And please tell your father about me.
In that case,
as I don't want to come to school,
will you just give me the diploma?
It'll be nice to get some scholarship too.
Gosh, I forgot that I had a meeting.
I'll see you next time.
Oh, my, Jung Yu Ra!
Isn't he the university president?
See? I knew there was something going on.
He must be the son of a rich man or a politician.
- Politician? - Yes.
Who dares to talk during exercise?
Gosh, you surprised me.
What are you doing?
Go away.
Wait.
It tastes better if you have someone to eat with.
I'm not eating by myself.
- Why does snacks take so much time? - I know, right?
I was talking about me.
What's he doing?
He asked me not to get friendly. I don't get him.
Nam Gil,
you must be troubled because of Jin Joo.
Gosh, it was the first time she's been asked out by a man.
Gosh, she's so old-fashioned.
It wasn't like that.
What?
He didn't ask me out.
I didn't ask her out.
I'm flirting with her.
Are you done?
What are you doing? Follow me.
Go on.
- Hurry. - Go.
He likes Jin Joo, right?
I think so.
She refused him, but he's still flirting with her.
Then he'd like her in any situations, right?
Whether or not she's divorced and has a child.
These are such extreme examples. Eat up.
I understand that he's going through a stormy period at his age,
but I really don't know what he's thinking.
I...
thought you told me not to get friendly.
And that you didn't ask me out.
But you're flirting with me? Me?
Not me, you.
You are flirting with me.
I didn't do that.
I didn't flirt with anyone.
You've been flirting with me...
the last few days, very actively.
Gosh, I can't believe this.
I've had people flirt with me,
but I have never flirted with anyone before in my life.
What happened at the main gate...
was just an accident.
The library...
was also an accident...
Right.
How's your leg?
Does it hurt?
You should apply ice pack frequently so that it won't hurt later.
You know, if you sprain a body part and don't take good care of it,
it will last forever.
See? You're flirting with me.
Why do you keep saying that?
- This is what flirting looks like. - What?
If you're going to do that, you may as well help me with my bags.
It's partly your fault after all.
You don't look sick enough to need my help.
It doesn't show,
but it feels like my skin is ripping apart whenever I walk.
Really?
Gosh, you shouldn't leave it like that.
Wait, wait.
How come you don't...
know where to stop?
What's wrong with him?
What are you listening to?
You surprised me.
Why? Is that surprising?
This is cool.
Gosh.
I mean it.
A combination of ballerina and hip-hop music.
It's cool.
I thought you'd only listen to classical music because of ballet.
So you like this kind of music.
It's fun, right?
Yes, yes!
hip-hop music has exciting beats.
It's not like boring classical music.
It'd be fun to dance to this music.
Then do it.
I can't do that kind of dance.
Ballet.
Ballet is a type of dance, right?
Can't you dance ballet to hip-hop music?
Of course not.
How would I dance ballet to hip-hop music?
Really?
Well, I really must not have known you very well.
We've only known a while.
I know.
So we should get to know more.
About what?
Things about you that I didn't know about.
And about what I was like in the past.
I don't remember being dumped.
Then why didn't I even ask her out and give up?
Gosh.
Give up what?
Origami? Are you making cranes or turtles?
That's so out of fashion.
People make roses now.
What's that cloth on your hair?
Cloth?
Don't you know about H.O.T's bandanas?
You're lying.
You don't want people to know you're the one that got his head stuck.
Gosh, it was because of you.
It's too bitter for me.
Okay! Herbal medicine!
Hey, he kissed Bo Reum...
and didn't brush his teeth since yesterday.
Gosh, that's so dirty.
Are you going out with Yoon Bo Reum?
Why do you sound surprised?
Yoon Bo Reum, that witch, ruined my life.
I curse her.
I hope she ends up in a fiery pit.
I pity myself.
I feel so bad for me.
Only if I hadn't dated her...
Why does this guy keep repeating his painful history?
That's not dating.
That was just a peck. That wasn't a real kiss.
- Same thing. - How are they the same thing?
It was a peck, not a kiss.
There's a song that goes like this.
"When you meet, you kiss hello. When you leave, you kiss goodbye."
I give my niece a peck every day. Does that mean I'm dating her?
If we aren't dating, why would she kiss my lips?
There are a few progressive women like her.
If you go abroad, they kiss to greet each other.
Gosh, Bo Reum. I had no idea that she was such an open person.
She's very open in every single way.
You're amazing, Bo Reum.
Do you get it? Two.
I'm sure she wouldn't have kissed me if she wasn't going to date me.
I'm a man too.
- Hey. - I thought you'd run away.
What was that? Is that all?
Hold me right here.
- Right here? - Yes.
And one. Lift me up like that.
- Okay? - Yes.
There are a few progressive women like her.
Bo Reum isn't your average girl.
She's rather physical.
Like this. Great.
- Okay. - Okay, good.
Great job.
You should give me your bag.
Did you pester me to carry just this for you?
Just this? Do you know how expensive that is?
Nam Gil, I baked this with a lot of love all night.
It's good. Have some.
My gosh, those are the good days.
You baked it with love all night. You should have it.
Oh, my.
I picked this awful thing up from the trash can. Have some.
Would you take it if I say that?
She made it all night for you. Why won't you take it?
What if I do take it? Nothing in this world is free.
Give and take.
If I take something. I need to give something back.
Why would I do that with someone I don't even like?
I doubt she wanted anything when she offered you that.
She just likes you,
so she wanted to do things and give you food.
She's got that heart of a mom.
Isn't what she did adorable?
Do you think parents don't expect something from you?
What's with this guy?
He's oddly twisted.
- Give that to me. - What?
You told me to take it.
Isn't it because you want to do things for me and give me food?
No, not me...
I'll see you here at 7pm.
I can't drive because of my leg.
Take this.
Bring it then.
Bye.
Your leg is fine.
What was that? Is he hurt, or isn't he?
If you do this, will you not get kicked out?
I have to tick off my penalty points with volunteering.
This is all because of that traitor, Jae Woo.
Oh, hello.
Okay.
Number 85.
How come that young kid is looking so masculine?
He's older than you. Don't you know him?
He's famous...
as the hottest guy on campus.
He's tall, handsome, and has a great fit.
Some say he's a grandson of a major company.
Oh, really?
And some say he's a son of the Minister of Defense.
But in my opinion, I think he's got even a bigger secret.
He's a M.F.S.
What? M what?
A M.F.S. Mom's friend's son.
Is he your mom's friend's son?
Never mind.
Hey, can you take this to the dressing room?
The women's?
You crazy idiot. Leave it.
(Black Joe)
She's a history major. Her name is Ma Jin Joo.
What if Ye Rim finds out?
You worked so hard to get her to date you.
I won't let her find out.
I'll just fool around with her for a bit.
I mean, look at her. She's kind of pretty,
but she looks like someone who doesn't have a penny.
She's a perfect girl to fool around with.
And Ye Rim is my source of money for life.
I won't let her go.
Gosh, what a guy.
[VIU Ver] E05 Go Back Couple "The Standard of First Love"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What is this?
Oh, gosh. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I thought you were my friend.
You pushed me very hard.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
Seo Young, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry that the tickets are wasted too.
It's okay. I'll watch it alone.
- Go. - I'm sorry.
It's fine. Go.
- Okay, bye. - Bye.
Can't you dance ballet to hip-hop music?
See? That did work.
Why couldn't you do it before?
I was just trying it out for fun.
You should do it for a living, not for fun.
Then it'll be a fun way of making a living.
What?
It's not easy to find something you find fun in your life.
What you want to do doesn't always align with what you need to do.
If that doesn't happen, you need to make that happen.
If you focus too much on the things you need to do,
nothing will be left when you can't do what you need to do anymore.
If you did something fun, at least you got that experience.
You're a good talker.
I'm serious.
What if you can't dance anymore later in life because of an injury?
Nothing lasts forever.
So you should do what you want in that moment.
Is that so?
While we're at it, what do you want to do right now?
Here.
Why are you giving it to me already? Follow me.
You lied.
It doesn't look like you're hurt.
You're fine.
I'm on my way to the hospital.
The hospital?
Oh, gosh. I'm sorry.
I'll take the bag too. I can carry it.
I'm stronger than I look.
It must really hurt.
Is this for real?
Did you get these to watch a movie with me?
I told you my friends couldn't go...
This is the third time telling you this.
What?
- Gosh. - Goodness.
- Are you okay? - Yes.
- Gosh. - What's going on?
Goodness.
Grab on.
You don't want to fall.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
Drive carefully.
My blood vessels.
They're alive. Choi Ban Do.
You're the man.
Is this the movie theater?
Well...
It has to be this one, right?
It must be this one, right?
Yes, because I got tickets for this theater.
No way.
It's a huge place. I'm sure we won't bump into each other.
It's three dollars.
Okay.
I need to go to the bathroom.
Here you go.
Why does it have to be here?
This is terrible.
No.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
I'm not cheating on her.
Right. Choi Ban Do.
Be confident. Straighten your shoulders.
All right. Let's go!
Right. I'm not doing anything wrong.
Why do I...
feel so nervous?
Wait.
What? Why is she here?
Gosh.
M.F.S?
What's wrong?
You said you were going to a hospital.
I'll feel better after watching a movie.
Watching it alone is boring.
See? You were faking it.
Goodness.
I shouldn't be here.
I'm sorry. I had to go the bathroom.
Gosh.
It's so good.
Oh, right.
Nam Gil.
When you said you liked me...
I didn't say...
I mean...
when you asked me out.
Yes.
That was already quite a while ago.
I'm your first love.
I never had a first love,
but I was someone's first love.
- Who? - You don't believe me?
My college senior.
He was hot, super rich, and popular.
He even said he liked me.
Really?
Lady, stop watching TV.
You're getting good at lying. Are you writing a script?
Why would a hot, rich, popular guy like you?
I'm not lying.
You're delusional.
It's you. You're that guy.
M.F.S.
Why? Did he get shot or something?
Goodness. Sure.
It's nice only when you're remembered as first love.
You haven't seen this, right?
Right. No, I haven't seen it.
It's getting rave reviews.
They say people cry because it's really sad.
Come on.
It's can't be that sad. It's your typical melodrama.
I wouldn't cry watching this.
(Back in 1999)
Don't...
Don't do that.
(2004)
(2017)
No.
Gosh.
By the way, I haven't been here in so long.
I used to come here all the time in college.
You're still in college.
You're a freshman.
Sometimes you talk like a middle-aged man.
What?
I'm not a middle-aged man.
I mean I like that.
I like people who are old-fashioned.
I feel comfortable.
You like that?
You aren't crying.
- Good work. - Good job.
Do men hate it...
when women kiss them first?
No. We love it! Thank you very much.
Please introduce her to me.
Me first.
What's wrong with him then?
What about women asking men out first?
A woman asking a man out?
Well, that's a bit...
What? Why should it matter?
Hey, men have pride to uphold.
Men should be given a chance to ask women out first.
Don't you think so?
Come here and have a drink.
- Hurry up. Why are you so late? - We already started.
Come on.
Hurry up.
For men, first love...
lasts forever, until we die.
Who is your first love?
A girl from church in middle school.
What about you, Jae Woo?
- Me? - Yes.
I was in kindergarten.
She made my heart flutter.
They say the shy ones always more precocious.
- Jae Woo. - You were so mature.
Eat up.
That's unrequited love, idiots.
Did you go out with them?
No. How could I have dated my teacher?
She didn't even know me.
That's not first love. That's unrequited love.
You're completely mistaken.
First love doesn't mean someone you liked for the first time.
It's the first person you dated.
Being in a relationship is called love.
To love and to be loved. It has to be both ways.
If you aren't in a relationship, then it's nothing.
It's unrequited love.
No!
She was my first love.
My heart still races for her.
Why did she kiss me when we weren't even dating.
Gosh.
Is it so hard to ask me out?
Waiting like this will give me cancer.
Hey, Jae Woo.
If you step away, we're over.
What?
Did we do anything?
We weren't even going out.
- It was just an unrequited love. - What?
Because you're so freewheeling,
you might consider a kiss as a greeting. But...
that's not the case for me.
Why would you kiss someone you aren't even dating?
I might be nothing to you,
but to me you are...
my first love.
You said your first love was in kindergarten.
You said she made your heart flutter.
How would I remember that? I didn't know anything then.
And you told me, if we don't go out, it's one-sided love.
Yes, so you were in a one-sided love with me too.
No, you're my first love.
So what do you want to do with me?
What?
What do you want to do with me?
I want to go out with you.
I don't want one-sided love.
You asked me out, okay?
You're not crying.
Love stories aren't sad.
There are so many things to cry about other than that.
So what?
Hey.
Hello, Father-in-law.
Who are you?
I'm just a passerby.
He's my friend from school. Just my friend.
He's my dad.
Hello, I'm Jung Nam Gil.
Give it to me.
I hurt my leg a little, so...
Don't think of this as weird.
He's really just a friend.
Hello.
Jin Joo, I'm going home right now. Do you want to go with me?
No, you should go first.
Should I?
Then have fun. Take your time.
Are you going to stay a little longer with me?
Did Dr. Han's treatment heal your legs completely?
I'll consider your legs completely healed from now on. Goodbye.
Ma Jin Joo.
I picked up something.
I need to go to the police station. Do you want to go with me?
Why did you do that just before?
What?
I...
I thought he was someone I knew.
So he must have been a father.
- What? - What kind?
Where did you meet him?
Yes, a father.
I...
If you want to have fun, come out and dance with us!
Here!
Hey!
Is she dancing ballet to hip-hop music?
Dancing ballet to hip-hop music works.
It worked because they helped me at the back.
- Did you have fun? - Yes, it was so fun!
It's a good thing I pushed you.
You were destined to dance there.
Yes, we were destined...
to watch a movie together.
You learn fast.
I lost it in a taxi.
I picked it up at school. At the parking lot.
How did you know it was mine?
There wasn't any identification cards inside.
I asked around.
But is that how you should be acting towards someone who found it?
Well, I...
Thank you.
So I'm buying this.
But I think you're lying about your sprain.
It must be very important to you whether or not I hurt my leg.
If it's true, I feel sorry.
And it worries me that I could have hurt you.
You look rich. If you got hurt, go to the hospital.
Do I? Why?
Don't you look at the mirror?
You are wearing expensive clothing from head to bottom.
Your watch and car look expensive too.
Gosh, you're covered with money.
Nice catch.
But even if I dress up like this, people don't tend to notice.
- Are you a snob? - Snob?
Anyone can know that.
Maybe not.
It's strange.
Do you have a split personality?
Or is there something wrong with your tear ducts?
Is that why you cry so much?
What?
What are you talking about?
What's wrong with him? He's making me feel uncomfortable.
You found my wallet, so I'll repay you generously.
Do you like anything in particular?
You.
I think it's true.
I think I like you.
You didn't have to come here when your leg hurts.
I could've walked here by myself.
My leg got completely healed after watching the movie.
Then you'll be all right tomorrow too.
It...
looked all right today.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Take a seat.
So you're in the same major. What grade are you in?
I'm in my fourth year.
- So you're graduating soon? - Yes.
What did you do after watching the movie?
Pardon? Well...
We went to get a drink.
A drink? Just one drink?
No, I had about four glasses,
and Jin Joo had about three.
Three glasses?
Can she really drink three glasses of beer?
By the glass,
or by the 500ml mug?
The mug.
Oh, so you're a good drinker.
- What do your parents do? - Oh...
They're in education.
So...
If you don't want to tell me, you don't have to.
To be honest, he is the director of our school.
Hankook University?
The school which Jin Joo goes to?
Yes.
But please don't mention it to Jin Joo.
- No one knows about this. - Oh, right.
And you shouldn't mention that we've met to her.
Man-to-man. All right?
- Yes. - So...
do you like her a lot?
- Pardon? - You must like her a lot...
to watch a movie with her and drink four glasses of beer.
Yes, a bit...
No, I mean,
I like her a lot.
Oh, my.
Hi.
Why are you standing here? Don't you have an umbrella?
It didn't rain when I got here.
Is there anywhere I can get one?
You don't need to buy one. I've got one here.
Let's share. Come here.
Eat that, and stop crying.
Why do you always cry?
You're like someone I know.
Goodness, who made this awful umbrella?
Just fold it.
It tried its best.
Then I'll walk with you to wherever you were going.
This little kid is being rather smooth like a serpent.
He's making this old lady's heart flutter.
Wait, is he a player?
Hey.
Yes?
Can you come a little closer to me?
Listen to him! He is a player.
If we walk like this, I'll get wet.
I mean, it's my umbrella.
Oh, right.
Goodness, I'm sorry.
It'll stop soon, right?
I hope so.
It's the festival season too.
(Epilogue)
(What really happened in 1999)
I'll pour you a glass too.
What will you do after you graduate?
I'll do anything and everything to provide...
for Jin Joo.
So exactly what?
What do you want to do, or what do you like?
What do I like? I... I like Jin Joo.
I mean, I like...
everything that Jin Joo likes.
You're a man. Don't you have any dreams?
No, I do, sir.
My dream...
is to live happily with Jin Joo and our children.
What?
This doesn't mean you can date her. This is only the first audition.
You know, it's like an application screening.
You have a long way to go until you pass the finals.
Yes, I'll do my best until the very end...
without ever giving up.
Stop smiling.
I might grow fond of you.
You'll make me lose my judgment.
Of course. I'm sorry, Father.
I'm not your father.
Then are you my father-in-law...
Father-in-law?
Well, then... Just Mr. Ma?
Goodness.
(Go Back Couple)
Are you already dating someone when we don't know when we'll go back?
You two were so close.
Speak for yourself.
He never showed up during festivals before. What's with him?
Nam Gil, where have you been?
Are you hungry?
Ma Jin Joo!
- Is something going on? - One of the contestants are gone.
You can't be the May Queen.
You should be glad if you aren't the last place.
Ma Jin Joo, a history major.
Hey, isn't that the same girl that you wanted to hit on?
You should hurry. She'll be taken soon.